1.9 release docs (#329)
kubefirst/kubefirst: docs/kubefirst/gitlab/gitlab.md

# GitLab

![](../../img/kubefirst/gitlab/metaphor-in-gl.png)

> ### Self Hosted GitLab Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Self Hosted GitLab Server
```

> However since GitLab **is the git source of truth** for your GitOps, you cannot roll back GitLab by reverting the commit because git itself may be inaccessible to ArgoCD. Should you fall into this condition, to conduct a rollback to a prior state, go to the `gitlab` application in Argo CD and click the `History and Rollback` button in the header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However since GitLab **is the Git source of truth** for your GitOps, you cannot roll back GitLab by reverting the commit because Git itself may be inaccessible to Argo CD. To remedy this, conduct a rollback to a prior state, go to the `gitlab` application in Argo CD and click the `History and Rollback` button in the header.
```

![](../../img/kubefirst/gitlab/gitlab-restore-in-argocd.png)

This will bring up a window with all versions of GitLab. Presumably, you'll want to restore to the 2nd version in this list, which would represent GitLab's state just prior to the last change that was made through GitOps. Assuming that's the version you want to restore to, click the vertical elipsis and select Rollback.

![](../../img/kubefirst/gitlab/restore.png)

> This will warn you that you're disabling auto-sync, click confirm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will warn you that you're disabling auto-sync, click confirm.
```
